上海-火车站外企招聘：Cassandra
DBA/ Performance Engineer （C# (or Java)）/ Security Analyst



这三个职位英语口语都必须流利



Cassandra DBA

A graduate in
Software Engineering or related field

Knowledgeable in
SQL Server, Apache Cassandra and/or Mongo DB is a plus

Proficient in
database performance tuning

Knowledgeable of
database security and information security policies

Able to promote
process improvement

An individual with
problem solving attitude and experience in working closely with development
teams

Cassandra
replication strategies and geo-distributed clustering is a plus

Familiar with
Azure, AWS or other cloud solutions is preferred

We love hearing
from you and want you to be as ambitious as we are, but before applying please
ask yourself the following…

Is this role a
good match for me and my long term goals? We want to really know why you have
chosen this career.

Do I have all the skills
and experience required for this role? Be realistic. We will only consider
applications that demonstrate relevant skills or the potential to match the
role requirements.

Spell Check. As
simple as it sounds make sure your application is to the highest standard. You
will be surprised at how many applications we receive with spelling mistakes on
them.





Performance Engineer （C# (or Java)）

Experienced
working in Agile environments with SCRUM methodologies;

Understand object
oriented language like C# (or Java);

Knowledgeable in
test automation with Selenium, Jenkins, Visual Studio, JMeter or any other test
automation tool is a plus;

Passionate for
delivering quality software, defending the customer/end-user perspective and
performance above all things;

Good
communicator and a teamwork believer;

Detail oriented
and resilient to stress;

Interested in
automating/breaking/debugging things.



Security Analyst

• Perform penetration testing on in-house
developed Web and/or Mobile Applications;

• A graduate of a program in Computer
Science, Information Security, or a related field;

• A professional with background in software
development or application pentesting;

• A professional with more than 3 years in a
similar position or in another information security field;

• Passionate for problem-solving with strong
analytical skills;

• Holder of certifications on Information
Security (OSCP, CEH or similar);



简历请发：daisyzhao@gitalent.cn

我的微信：fancyfrees
